<div class="notification-menu" style="text-align: center;">
  <div align="center">
    <a href="../..">Home</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="../Demo">Demo</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;About
  </div>
</div>

<div align="center"><b><h1>kavach2023-MeshNetworkAppDetection</h1></b></div>
AICTE and BPRD Jointly Launch KAVACH-2023, Advancing India’s cyber-preparedness, KAVACH-2023, A National level Hackathon was launched to identify innovative ideas and technological solutions for addressing the cyber security and cybercrime.

---

**TSP-BTS: Telecommunications Service Provider-Base Transceiver Station**

It refers to the infrastructure used by telecommunications service providers to provide cellular network coverage to their customers. A Base Transceiver Station (BTS) is a piece of equipment that connects mobile devices to the cellular network by transmitting and receiving radio signals. The BTS is typically connected to a larger network infrastructure, such as a Mobile Switching Center (MSC), which manages the routing of calls and data between different parts of the network. In the context of the problem statement, TSP-BTS refers to the specific area of cellular network coverage that the portable RF scanner will be scanning for Mesh Networking app signals.

---

To detect apps that use Mesh Networking to connect users without cell service in a given area, we can develop a solution using radio frequency (RF) scanning. The solution will consist of two main components: a portable RF scanner and a software application that analyzes the RF data.

The portable RF scanner will be designed to scan an area corresponding to a relatable TSP-BTS.

---

The scanner will operate in the unlicensed frequency bands commonly used by Mesh Networking apps, such as 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. The scanner will be designed to detect the unique RF signals generated by Mesh Networking apps and record the signal strength, frequency, and other relevant parameters.

The software application will be designed to analyze the RF data collected by the scanner and identify Mesh Networking apps. The application will use signal processing algorithms to analyze the RF data and identify patterns associated with Mesh Networking apps. The application will then provide a list of detected Mesh Networking apps along with information about the detected signals, including signal strength, frequency, and location.

The solution can be further enhanced by using machine learning algorithms to analyze the RF data and identify patterns associated with Mesh Networking apps more accurately. The machine learning algorithms can be trained using a large dataset of RF data collected from various locations.

To ensure the solution is man-portable, the portable RF scanner can be designed to be lightweight and compact, and the software application can be designed to run on a smartphone or tablet. The solution can also be made easy to use by providing a simple user interface that displays the detected Mesh Networking apps and their associated signals.

In summary, a technological solution for detecting apps that use Mesh Networking to connect users without cell service in a given area can be designed and developed using a portable RF scanner and a software application that analyzes the RF data. The solution can be enhanced using machine learning algorithms and can be made man-portable by designing the scanner and software application to be lightweight and easy to use.



